docs: change migration after return of primary variant on Tag (#2607)
WTTJ/welcome-ui: website/build-app/pages/foundations/migration.mdx

### Tag

> We removed variant `secondary` and replace the `sub-*` variants. To have the primary color please use Badge component instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We removed the `secondary` variant and replaced the `sub-*` variants. To use the `secondary` color please use the `Badge` component instead.
````
